URL: https://moonlay.com/portfolios/
Content:
Portfolios - Moonlay Technologies
Moonlay success stories of our 115+ building projects
In our portfolios you can learn more about our clients, the types of projects we work with, our process of development, and technologies we use to develop software.
Our successful stories
A projects showcase of apps and websites designed & developed by Moonlay Technologies.
x
Centralized Trading Platform
Aplikasi Master Data Management (MDM)
Aplikasi Master Data Management (MDM) digunakan sebagai single truth data source yang digunakan pada kegiatan PLTE dan MOFIDS.
Adapun fitur-fitur pada MDM seperti:
1. Pengelolaan data advance
2. Upload Data, semua data yang dikelola oleh MDM, dapat dilakukan entry dengan menggunakan mekanisme upload file (csv, txt, xls).
3. View Data, MDM dapat menampilkan data yang dikelola melalui page/view GUI.
4. Filter on View, page/view pada GUI MDM dapat dilakukan filter berdasarkan value pada data.
5. Download Data
6. API/Messaging, memiliki API yang dapat dipanggil oleh aplikasi lain.
7. Sent File
8. User Management
9. Audit Trail
×
Centralized Trading Platform
Ministry of Finance Dealing System (MOFIDS)
MOFIDS
merupakan platform yang digunakan oleh
DJPPR (Ditjen Pengelolaan Pembiayaan dan Resiko)
dalam kegiatan
Lelang Pembelian Kembali SUN/SBN.
Jenis layanan lelang yang diselenggarakan pada sistem MOFIDS meliputi:
1. Buyback Debt Switch
2. Simple Auction
3. Buyback Cash
4. Buyback Debt Switch dengan mekanisme Staple Bonds
Adapun fitur pendukung lainnya untuk menunjang kegiatan operasional di antaranya:
1. Master Data Management
2. Mofids Chat
3. Mofids Help Desk
4. Mofids Monitoring & Analytics
5. Host to Host Reporting to PLTE
6. Bond Calculator
×
Centralized Trading Platform
Aplikasi Penerima Laporan Transaksi Efek (PLTE)
Fungsi Bisnis Pelaporan Transaksi Efek:
Fungsi Bisnis Pihak-Pihak Yang Terlibat dan yang menggunakan sistem PLTE secara garis besar terdiri dari:
1. Fungsi bisnis penyelenggara PLTE yang dimiliki oleh BEI selaku penyedia Sistem PLTE.
2. Fungsi bisnis penerbitan Efek Berbasis Utang dan Sukuk (EBUS) yang dimiliki oleh Pemerintah yang diwakili DJPPR Kemenkeu dan korporasi.
3. Fungsi bisnis pihak-pihak yang melakukan pelaporan yaitu Perusahaan Efek, Bank, dan Bank Kustodian atau pihak yang disetujui oleh OJK.
Mekanisme Umum Pelaporan Transaksi Efek
Secara umum, mekanisme pelaporan oleh Partisipan
adalah sebagai berikut:
1. Partisipan atau pihak selain Partisipan melakukan transaksi EBUS di luar bursa/Over The Counter (OTC).
2. Partisipan melaporkan transaksinya sendiri atau transaksi kliennya ke Sistem PLTE paling lambat 30 menit semenjak terjadinya transaksi, melalui front end sistem PLTE dan dengan integrasi sistem partisipan ke sistem PLTE.
3. BEI selaku Penyelenggara PLTE memberikan Bukti Pelaporan.
4. Terdapat mekanisme pengenaan denda untuk Pelaporan yang dikategorikan terlambat.
5. Terdapat mekanisme konsolidasi untuk mengecek data pelaporan dan data penyelesaiannya.
6. Terdapat mekanisme koreksi dan pembatalan pelaporan jika terdapat perbedaan data pelaporan dengan penyelesaian.
×
Centralized Trading Platform
Aplikasi Daily Watching
Sistem Daily Watching
akan membantu
OJK
dalam melakukan pengawasan kegiatan pelaporan transaksi EBUS yang terjadi setiap harinya di Sistem PLTE.
Adapun fitur-fitur pada Daily Watching:
1. Alert: yang digunakan untuk memantau jalannya transaksi EBUS yang dilaporkan ke system PLTE.
2. Pengawasan Umum Pelaporan: OJK juga dapat melihat data pelaporan secara umum.
3. Status Keterlambatan Pelaporan pada Partisipan
4. Pengawasan Detail Pelaporan: OJK dapat menyimpan dan mengunduh data historis.
5. Proses Konsolidasi: secara otomatis begitu data penyelesaian transaksi dari BI dan KSEI dimasukkan.
6. Denda Pelaporan: OJK dapat mengunduh data rekapitulasi denda yang dibuat oleh penyedia PLTE.
7. Grafik Pengawasan: system Daily Watching dapat menampilkan data pelaporan Transaksi Efek.
×
LoyaltiExpress
LoyaltiExpress adalah sebuah aplikasi loyalty wallet. LoyaltiExpress memiliki aplikasi mobile dan web yang diperuntukkan untuk pihak customer dan juga merchant secara berurutan. Dimana pada apikasi ini terdapat beberapa module (mobile) bagi customer seperti account, home, wallet, notification, profile, dan drawer. Sedangkan untuk versi website lebih detail dengan tambahan module seperti message, program, voucher, transaction,
customer, report, employee, dan outlet.
×
SAMPOERNA - Cycle Planning Application (CPP)
CPP is a web based application to align strategic with required resources with Cycle periodical for Marketing and Commercial/Sales Activities. This application will record all cycle process document/activities and reduce administration process for all stake holder and field commercial and also increase efficiency at marketing activities.
×
CIPTADANA
This website is intended to accommodate data consolidation. The website was built under .NET Framework 2.0 with programming language ASP .NET 2.0 and VB .NET. For the database programming, it uses SQL Server 2005. To increase response time and reduce server postback time, it employs the advantage of AJAX.
×
BNP Paribas
We redesign the BNP Paribas website and we do the enchancement for Aku Bisa Investasi.
Changes added in that enhancement are Disclaimer for maintain disclaimer content, Investment goal to maintain investment value,
name, and image, Tentang Reksadana for maintain image, parent page, image order title, etc. Inspirasi, to maintain publish date,
General parameter to maintain percentage from LPS that can be used to calculate bank deposit, and last Calculator in the front-end
to calcucate the estimation of saving amount using bank and Investasi reksadana.
×
SID – Banking & Finance
SID (Sistem Informasi Debitur) is a desktop application which has a main function of producing list of reports that will be reported to Central Bank of Indonesia (BI). This application was built using VB .NET as programming language and SQL Server 2008 as database.
×
Foreign Currency Transaction Tracking – Banking & Finance
The purpose of this website is to track currency exchange. When the currency exchange transaction reaches a specific limit of amount, the system will have to track all the transactions and show it to the user. Besides, it is also intended as a back-office system, depending on the user who logs in as the site also employs a security matrix.
This site intended for hundreds of users and therefore really depends on the performance of the system. It uses AJAX and Jquery to reduce server postback time consumption. It is developed under .NET Framework 2.0 with IDE Tools Visual Studio 2005 and VB .NET as the programming language. For the database server, it uses SQL Server 2005. To accommodate periodic task, it makes use of a custom-built Scheduler module which was also built using VB .NET and under .NET Framework 2.0 and deployed as Windows Service
×
HRID - HRD System
This web portal is part of a complete HRD system. It also provides a back-end system for administration purpose, as well as front-end office system for employee’s usage. The front-end system is intended as a self-service system with which employee who logs in can do a few processes such as: absence administration, personal data update, claim and reimbursement, leave administration, and many more.
This system is developed using .NET Framework 3.5 with the following specification:
1. Progamming language is C# .NET and ASP .NET
2. Database is using Oracle 10g
3. IDE is Visual Studio Team System 2008
4. Team Foundation Server 2008 as server system and project management tool with benefit from the user of Source Control embedded in Team Foundation Server 2008 for version control.
5. Using Silverlight, AJAX, and User Control
6. Using Windows Workflow Foundation 3.5 framework for workflow process handling.
×
Invoice Tracking System
Invoice Tracking System is a web-based application which has main function as invoice tracking system and automatic creation of Journal Entries. As Invoice Tracking System, this system will track all invoice documents received by vendor to the invoice document is paid. This system was built under Model View Controller with Visual C# .NET as programming language and SQL Server 2008 as database.
×
Smart - Agrobusiness
Iform (Integrated Form) is a web-based application used by user as form automated system. This application help to simplify form approval system and reduce paper-work. All form used in the company can be translated to the application. This application was built using Windows Presentation Foundation with Visual C#, .NET, and MVC 3 as programming language and SQL Server 2008 as database.
×
LBU – Banking & Finance
LBU is a desktop application used by Finance team to generate Laporan Bank Umum (LBU) reports which will be sent to Central Bank on monthly basis. This application was built using VB .NET as programming language and SQL Server 2008 as database.
×
Astra International - Astra Field Support
Astra FS stands for Astra Field Support, FS has mobile and web (CMS) application to facilitate user of Astra International or non-Astra International to submit their IT problem. Moonlay is responsible to develop their CMS back-end application. This application is able to track FS Location, generate report to excel format, maintain user management, master data such as alert, group, feedback.
×
Astra Motor - Bonus Dealer System
MISSION is a mobile and web (CMS) based application for Dealer Evaluation of Astra. Moonlay is responsible to develop their CMS back end application.
This application is able to Generate Report to Excel and PDF Format, Manage Assessment (Evaluation criteria and Assessment), Manage Special Assignment, and Maintain User Management.
MISSION will be used by Head Office and Dealers. The purpose of MISSION application is to provide convenience for SPV HO in completing Dealer Operation Standard (DOS) or Dealer Review, furthermore, it also decrease Fraud and Human Error.
×
Astra Motor - Bonus Dealer System
BODES stands for Bonus Dealer System. BODES is a web based application to record, verify, and publish information about Dealer’s bonus calculation.
Bonus Calculation will go through approval process, before approved and released to each Dealer. BODES will be used by Head Office, Main Dealer and Dealers. Purpose of BODES application is to give transparency of calculation bonus process and to avoid human error from manual calculation and fraud.
×
Travorama
Travorama is an Online Travel System. Moonlay is responsible to create their mobile application in android and iOS. The mobile application can be used to do flight booking and hotel reservation.
×
Fashion Mobile POS
A web-project built for a radio station, listener response is built under .NET Framework 3.5 with the implementation of AJAX, it reduces the post back time to the server and thus reducing the slack time of communication between Client and Server. As for the User Interface, it is using a third-party, DevExpress 9.1.4 Data Grid and Report. Listener Response is making use of LinQ to interact with SQL Server 2005 database. Listener Response is developed using VB .NET as its programming language.
×
E-Will (Mobile)
This project aims to develop a user-friendly and easy-to-use mobile application which could help user to create Will easily on their smartphone and save the detail of their will, share it to their relatives/friends and have a safe payment gateway. E-Will will support OCR for passport and ID Card for registration to make people easier to register.
×
Fashion Retail E-Commerce
Bateeq mobile application is available both for iOS and Android, for iOS platform we used Swift Code for programming language, while for the Android platform we used Java programming language and for both database was built with SQLite and we uploaded the database in SQL Azure.
×
Jakarta Event Week (JFW) - Event Management System
This project purpose create a user friendly and easy to use mobile application. Event Management System, which could help user to Access the event news, schedule, latest info, buy and claim the ticket. JFW was built with Serverless Architecture, backend infrastructure AWS Lambda, and frontend with React Native
×
Logistic Information System
JET Express is a logistic service based in Tangerang. Moonlay is responsible to develop their operational and back-end software. This application is able to record daily sales, track customer package status and also generate certain report. Moonlay also develop integrated API to iOS for JET mobile application. JET Express operational application was build under .NET Framework MVC 5 and Microsoft SQL Server 2012 database.
×
Major Minor
Borne out of the capital city of Jakarta, MAJOR MINOR prioritises comfort, function, and versatility for today’s urban woman. In 2016, MAJOR MINOR was selected as an Asia Regional Nominee for Womenswear in the International Woolmark Prize. In this project Moonlay responsible for designing the user interface / user experience and building the MM website that able to see catalog, add to cart, payment, and many more.
×
Astra International - Astra FS
Astra FS stands for Astra Field Support, FS has mobile and web (CMS) application to facilitate user of Astra International or non Astra International to submit their IT problem. Moonlay is responsible to develop their CMS back-end application. This application is able to track FS Location, generate report to excel format, Maintain user management, master data such as alert, group, feedback.
×
Sinarmas - iForm
iForm (Integrated Form) is a web based application used by user as form automated system. This application help to simplify form approval system and reduce paper-work. All form used in the company can be translated to the application. This application was built using Windows Presentation Foundation with Visual C#.net and MVC 3 as programming language and SQL Server 2008 database.
----------------------------------------
URL: https://moonlay.com/career/
Content:
Career - Moonlay Technologies
Unleash Your Potential With Us
We love to build project together. You do, too? We always open for new creative, analytical, and technical minds to join our teams.
Why Moonlay Technologies?
We believe that every team member are our family. This value brings joy and productivity to challenge more and encounter new challenges.
Discover Your Passion
What Drives Us Better?
We have four main pillars that guide us to growth more and satisfy our costumers.
Focus on What To Do
Good Communication
Search for Opportunities
Reward for Achievement
Join Moonlay Technologies Talent Network Now!
Moonlay Talent Network is a place for IT enthusiasts who interested to become a part of Society 5.0 in Indonesia by registering yourself as talent ready at 
----------------------------------------
URL: https://moonlay.com/insights/
Content:
Insights - Moonlay Technologies
Explore Our Featured Insights
Just relax and read our featured analyst articles about Information Technology and Software Development use cases.
Our Recent Articles
x
Automation Testing VS Manual Testing?
x
Bagaimana Jika Mixue Punya Aplikasi?
x
Apa itu Patch Management? Pentingnya dan Lifecycle
x
3 Mitos Tentang Passion
x
Tingkatkan Kepercayaan Pelanggan Kamu dengan Toko Online!
x
Tingkatkan Ekonomi Digital Indonesia Bersama Moonlay!
x
Bikin Aplikasi Mobile Untuk Dealer Mobil?
x
5 Lessons About Finding The Work You Were Meant To Do
x
Apa Itu Web 3.0 dan Mengapa Penting?
x
5 Tips to Becoming a DevOps Engineer
x
3 Soft Skills That Can Help You Adapt to New Roles
x
3 Software Development Tools for a Better Productivity
x
How to be a Good Software Engineer?
----------------------------------------
URL: https://moonlay.com/apps-and-cloud/
Content:
Apps and Cloud - Moonlay Technologies
Software Development
For Your Digital Success
Our unique blend of creativity, technical expertise and experience will transform your businesses into impactful and adaptable digital solutions
Contact Us Now
Our Expert System for Software Development
We believe every business is unique, and our personalized approach will enable your business to realize its maximum potential. From planning, designing, development and operations, until deployment we'll support you every step of the way.
Every Part of Your IT Ecosystem. Taken Care Of.
Brain Resources
IT Consulting
Implementation
Migration
Corrective Maintenance
Preventive Maintenance
Industries Expertise
We’ve excelled our experience in a wide range of industries to bring valuable insights
and provide our customers with the truly beneficial solutions.
Technologies and Platforms For Your Software Development
Here are our IT solutions, we can build your vision into reality.
Software Development
Infrastructure
Middleware
DevOps
Data Management
Business Intelligence
Cyber Security
Front-end Application
Back-end Application
Mobile Application
Application Builder
Message Broker
Database
Bare Metal/Cloud O & Virtualization
Automation Configuration
Business Continuity (Clustering, HA, DR)
Monitoring and Log Management
Network File System
Patch Management
File Sharing
Load Balancing
Application Server Installation
Application Server Monitoring
Application Server on Container
Application Server HA Configuration
Web Application Migration
Identity Management
Application Server Backup & Restore
API Development for Integration
API Management
Messaging
DevOps Toolchain: CI/CD
Devops Toolchain: QA Automation
DevOps Toolchain: Automation Management
Centralized Log Management & Monitoring
Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS)
Container-as-a-Service (CaaS)
Database Replication Management
Database Backup & Restore
Database Performance Tuning & Optimization
Database Performance Tuning & Optimization
Database Hardening
Database Installation, Migration & Version Upgrade
Big Data
Business Intelligence
Data Analytics
Data Engineering
Data Science
Vulnerability Assessment & Penetration Testing
Patch Management
Moonlay ready to serve your business' need
Let’s improve our business performance and win customers fast
Let's Win It
----------------------------------------
URL: https://moonlay.com/about-us/
Content:
About Us - Moonlay Technologies
We Make It Our Business
to Advance Your Business
Let us introduce who we are.
Moonlay ...
Believes its capabilities and cooperation to provide the best solution for business needs with extensive exposure and numerous experiences.
Right now, Moonlay provides 6 services: Brain Resource, IT Consulting, Implementation, Migration, Corrective Maintenance, and Preventive Maintenance with 8 solutions such as: Business Intelligence, Product Signature, Web & Apps Development, Infrastructure, Cyber Security, DevOps, Middleware, and Data Management. Each services and solution that we provide consist of talented people with passion, integrity, great qualities and thrust to deliver real business result (P.R.I.D.E).
You can hear it from our successful clients that come from various industries such as banking & finance, regulatory, government, event management, manufacturing, building construction, retailing, and property management, and many more. Now, are you ready for your turn? Let’s advance our business together!
Our successful stories.
ISO 27001:2013 Certified!
Our certification means a lot to ensure our professionalism while working with you.
Our Value
Our company culture create the value of Moonlayers to work with P.R.I.D.E.
Professional
Reliable
Integrated
Determined
Enthusiastic
Our Highlights
End-to-end Software Development
Brands Agnostic
Across Vertical Industries
Craftmanship Project Management
Certified IT Experts by Google, Microsoft and AWS
Products Signature
Our Vision
Being the most progressive and most reliable IT consultant & talent pool in Indonesia.
Our Mission
Provide our clients with the most reliable IT service & product.
Meet Our Team
Our expert team is made up of creatives with technical knowhow, strategists who think outside the box, and developers who push innovations.
Enablement Team
Shellyana Sunargo
Head of Commerce and Finance
Godfrey Nikijuluw
Business Development Manager
Sandra K.
Head of Brain Resource
Reva Detiara Putri
Accounting
Sandra Arviya
Head of Business and Commercial
Afrilyanisari Ardi Putri
Business Development Manager
Vincensia Paramita
Business Development Manager
Development Team
Ardy Maulana
Engineering Advisor
Mesakh Dwi Putra
Product Owner Advisor
Bondan Chaya Nugraha
Project Manager
Let’s improve our business performance and win customers fast.
Let’s Win It!
----------------------------------------
URL: https://moonlay.com/contact-us/
Content:
Contact Us - Moonlay Technologies
Let’s Advance Our Business Together!
Our teams always ready to answer your questions and needs. So, please don’t hesitate to get in touch with us!
PT. Moonlay Technologies
Equity Tower, 25th floor, Suite H. SCBD Lot 9.
Jl. Jend. Sudirman kav 52-53, RT.5/RW.3, Senayan, Kebayoran Baru, South Jakarta City, Jakarta 12190
+62 21 29035088; +62 21 29035089
[email protected]
+62 21 29035099
----------------------------------------
URL: https://moonlay.com/brain-resources/
Content:
Brain Resources - Moonlay Technologies
Hiring IT Experts is Now
Easier with Moonlay
We are committed to providing exceptional IT staff and on-demand recruitment support that meets your specific needs to help you scale your business.
Contact Us Now
Build and scale a Tech Team in Indonesia with Moonlay
We match you with the best skilled IT candidates that meets your requirements.
We Have IT Experts in:
Front End Developer
Back End Developer
Android Developer
iOS Developer
Fullstack Developer
Business Manager
Business Analyst
Project Manager
Product Manager
Product Owner
Data Analyst
Data Scientist
Technical Writer
QA Tester
UI/UX Designer
Need other IT Experts?
Reach Us Here
Interested?
Apply as Talent Form
Apply as IT Expert
Recruit Our Talent Form
Recruit Our IT Expert
Discover the IT outsourcing success that we bring to the table
How It Works?
Gathering
Requirement
CV Sorting and
User Review
User Interview
Offering and
Negotiaton
Contract
Onboarding
Build and scale a Tech Team in Indonesia with Moonlay
Our managed services allow us to align ourselves with your organisations requirements to provide proactive support for you and your staff. Looking for an awesome opportunity in the IT Industry? Join us as an IT Expert!
Need other IT Experts?
Reach Us Here
Interested?
Apply as Talent Form
Apply as IT Expert
Recruit Our Talent Form
Recruit Our IT Expert
----------------------------------------
